DOC-1301/vop-002_incoming (#426)
swan-io/docs: docs/preview/vop/verification-of-payee.mdx

| Payment Services Provider location | VoP mandatory date |
| --- | --- |
| 🇪🇺 [Eurozone](https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/euro/what-euro-area_en) | October 9, 2025 |
| 🌐 Non-Eurozone | January 9, 2027 |

The service is **free of charge** for Swan account holders as mandated by the regulation.

## Swan's VoP capabilities {#swan-vop-capabilities}

> Swan provides comprehensive VoP support as both a requesting and responding Payment Service Provider:

Author: ```suggestion
Swan provides comprehensive VoP support as both a requesting and responding PSP:
```
